it's coming right for us
I will not condone a course of action
that will lead us to war a
communications disruption can mean only
one thing
invasion
at last we will reveal ourselves to the
Jedi at last we will have revenge begin
landing your troops
we're haven't much time
the Federation has gone too far our
people are dying senator we must do
something quickly you must contact me
there is something else behind all the
Shriners they will kill you if you stay
I can only protect you I can't fight a
war for you I think we're going to have
to accept Federation control for the
time being this is a battle I do not
think that we can win I will sign no
treaty senator once those droids take
control of the surface they will take
control of you I was not elected to
watch my people suffer and die while you
discuss this invasion in a committee
they will never get me onto one of those
dreadful starships always do there are a
master and apprentice
like all of them
Ned look there's a red duck billed
platypus
it's coming right for us oh my god they
killed Kenny yeah